xpallets/gateway/TrusteeAdmin.md, before:

# TrusteeAdmin

## How do I get elected as an administrator of the Trustees?

Call through the council to vote for the election. The voting threshold needs to be greater than 2/3.（The council members who want to become trustee administrator call on their own initiative）

![https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460135181231646013517166.png](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460135181231646013517166.png)

## Rights and Duties of the Trustee Administrator

##### 1. Trustee administrator is required to create hot multi-signature addresses in the ComingChat trustee group in time for the election, and teach other trustees to obtain and use the hardware wallet signature script.

##### 2. Trustee administrator needs to identify problematic trustees in a timely manner and move them into a small black house for transition.

Call to move to the little black house 

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460150141231646015014069.png)

##### 3. Trustee administrator can move a group of users out of the little black house

If some of the users in the black house recover, they need to be moved out of the black house in a timely manner , or they cannot run for the trustee.

Call to move out of the little black house

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460153141231646015313400.png)

##### 4. Trustee administrator is required to initiate a trustee election at the end of each term. And ensuring the perfect execution of trust transition. The following trust transition process needs to be carried out in an orderly and correct manner

- Call to start trustee election![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460155281231646015527278.png)

- **Make sure that all the btc of the previous trust hot address is transferred to the previous cold address**
- Finally, **ensure that all the btc of the previous cold address is transferred to the current cold address**

##### 5. Perform general trustee operations and sign for withdrawal transactions

Trustee administrator also needs to be more involved with trust signatures, and rewards are distributed with a weighting of the amount of withdrawals processed. 

##### 6. Conversion of hot and cold addresses

When the hot address has enough money, transfer the money to the cold address for security.When the money from the hot address is not enough to withdraw cash, transfer from the cold address to the hot address.

## Rewards for Trustee Administrator

##### 1.  The trustee administrator's reward will be multiplied by a multiplier on top of the normal trustee reward, which currently defaults to 1.1x, or 10% more (the reward multiplier can be adjusted through the council if there is insufficient incentive to cause no one to be elected)

Set the trustee administrator reward multiplier Call, `12` means 1.2 times

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460161701231646016169194.png)

Commit message:

Check hot and cold for tx verifier (#617)
* Check hot and cold for tx verifier

* Make sure the output is not a cold address for two sessions

* Update gateway doc

* Bump spec_version into 16

Co-authored-by: AAweidai <dw1253464613@gmail.com>

xpallets/gateway/TrusteeAdmin.md, after:

# TrusteeAdmin

## How do I get elected as an administrator of the Trustees?

Call through the council to vote for the election. The voting threshold needs to be greater than 2/3.（The council members who want to become trustee administrator call on their own initiative）

![https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460135181231646013517166.png](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460135181231646013517166.png)

## Rights and Duties of the Trustee Administrator

##### 1. Trustee administrator is required to create hot multi-signature addresses in the ComingChat trustee group in time for the election, and teach other trustees to obtain and use the hardware wallet signature script.

##### 2. Trustee administrator needs to identify problematic trustees in a timely manner and move them into a small black house for transition.

Call to move to the little black house 

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460150141231646015014069.png)

##### 3. Trustee administrator can move a group of users out of the little black house

If some of the users in the black house recover, they need to be moved out of the black house in a timely manner , or they cannot run for the trustee.

Call to move out of the little black house

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460153141231646015313400.png)

##### 4. Trustee administrator is required to initiate a trustee election at the end of each term. And ensuring the perfect execution of trust transition. The following trust transition process needs to be carried out in an orderly and correct manner

- Council members set up trust addresses, refer to [Trustee.md](./Trustee.md)
- Call to start trustee election![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460155281231646015527278.png)
- **Use Coming to initiate transactions and ensure that all btc that previously trusted the hot address are transferred to the previous cold address. There are two guarantees here, one is that the Coming Robot verifies the validity of the transaction. The other is to manually check the transaction, that is, transfer all the input amount to the last cold address**.
- Finally,  **Use Coming to initiate transactions and ensure that all the btc of the previous cold address is transferred to the current cold address. There are two guarantees here, one is that the Coming Robot verifies the validity of the transaction. The other is to manually check the transaction, that is, transfer all the input amount to the current cold address**

##### 5. Perform general trustee operations and sign for withdrawal transactions

Trustee administrator also needs to be more involved with trust signatures, and rewards are distributed with a weighting of the amount of withdrawals processed. 

##### 6. Conversion of hot and cold addresses

When the hot address has enough money, transfer the money to the cold address for security.When the money from the hot address is not enough to withdraw cash, transfer from the cold address to the hot address.

## Rewards for Trustee Administrator

##### 1.  The trustee administrator's reward will be multiplied by a multiplier on top of the normal trustee reward, which currently defaults to 1.1x, or 10% more (the reward multiplier can be adjusted through the council if there is insufficient incentive to cause no one to be elected)

Set the trustee administrator reward multiplier Call, `12` means 1.2 times

![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16460161701231646016169194.png)
