xpallets/gateway/Trustee.md, before:

# Overview

This document describes how to become a member of council and trustee. Becoming a trust, the main responsibility is to keep the btc for users and help with withdrawals. Every month the trust can apply to the treasury for  pcx as rewards. Rewards are distributed in proportion to the number of withdrawals and the number of BTCs that help users withdraw.

# Council

## Elected candidate

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400546556771640054655670.png)

To become a member of council, one must first be elected as a candidate.

## Vote

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400548057191640054805712.png)

Everyone can stake some **pcx** and vote for multiple candidates. Allow yourself to vote for yourself. **After becoming a candidate, members of the parliament will be updated every day, and the ranking will be calculated based on the number of votes and related staking pcx.**

# Trustee

To become a trust, you must first be elected as a council member or runners up. **Then set your own btc hot and cold public key as shown in the figure below.** The **hot public key** is used for general deposit and withdrawal, and the **cold public key** is used to store large amounts of btc to improve security. After becoming a trust and setting up the btc information, the trust will be renewed every 30 days.

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400549209591640054920952.png)

- proxy_account : An proxy account, if it is not filled in, the default is the same as the council account. Avoid frequent use of council accounts.
- chain: Fill `Bitcoin`
- about: Remark
- hot_entity: Btc public key. Such as `0x043858204f15d385da76fcbdf019debde624689e296c5ac53f6437491528857617691fe85c5c529b692bd75e361a9d0995dbd3e20a81e949642dfb74095520d981`.
- cold_entity: Btc public key. Such as `0x043858204f15d385da76fcbdf019debde624689e296c5ac53f6437491528857617691fe85c5c529b692bd75e361a9d0995dbd3e20a81e949642dfb74095520d981`.

The hot public key is obtained through **Coming** and used in **Coming**, and the cold addresses are also obtained through Coming but with a different mnemonic.

# Reward distribution

After the renewal of the trust each month, the previous trust can apply to the Treasury for pcx to the trust multi-signature account. After the pcx is received, any member of the previous trust can distribute rewards through the interface shown in the figure below. 

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400549742281640054974219.png)

- sessionNum: The id of the previous trust.

Commit message:

Check hot and cold for tx verifier (#617)
* Check hot and cold for tx verifier

* Make sure the output is not a cold address for two sessions

* Update gateway doc

* Bump spec_version into 16

Co-authored-by: AAweidai <dw1253464613@gmail.com>

xpallets/gateway/Trustee.md, after:

# Overview

This document describes how to become a member of council and trustee. Becoming a trust, the main responsibility is to keep the btc for users and help with withdrawals. Every month the trust can apply to the treasury for  pcx as rewards. Rewards are distributed in proportion to the number of withdrawals and the number of BTCs that help users withdraw.

# Council

## Elected candidate

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400546556771640054655670.png)

To become a member of council, one must first be elected as a candidate.

## Vote

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400548057191640054805712.png)

Everyone can stake some **pcx** and vote for multiple candidates. Allow yourself to vote for yourself. **After becoming a candidate, members of the parliament will be updated every day, and the ranking will be calculated based on the number of votes and related staking pcx.**

# Trustee

To become a trust, you must first be elected as a council member or runners up. **Then set your own btc hot and cold public key as shown in the figure below.** The **hot public key** is used for general deposit and withdrawal, and the **cold public key** is used to store large amounts of btc to improve security. After becoming a trust and setting up the btc information, the trust will be renewed every 30 days.

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400549209591640054920952.png)

- proxy_account : An proxy account, if it is not filled in, the default is the same as the council account. Avoid frequent use of council accounts.
- chain: Fill `Bitcoin`
- about: Remark
- hot_entity: Btc public key. Such as `0x043858204f15d385da76fcbdf019debde624689e296c5ac53f6437491528857617691fe85c5c529b692bd75e361a9d0995dbd3e20a81e949642dfb74095520d981`.
- cold_entity: Btc public key. Such as `0x043858204f15d385da76fcbdf019debde624689e296c5ac53f6437491528857617691fe85c5c529b692bd75e361a9d0995dbd3e20a81e949642dfb74095520d981`.

The hot public key is obtained through **Coming** and used in **Coming**, and the cold addresses are also obtained through Coming but with a different mnemonic.

# Responsibility

Process user withdrawals. Required for each withdrawal:

- Check the correctness of the output address and amount
- Make sure there is no op_return in the output

# Reward distribution

After the renewal of the trust each month, the previous trust can apply to the Treasury for pcx to the trust multi-signature account. After the pcx is received, any member of the previous trust can distribute rewards through the interface shown in the figure below. 

![img](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hacpy/PictureBed@master/Document/16400549742281640054974219.png)

- sessionNum: The id of the previous trust.
